# Walmart Store Sales Analysis
#### Description:     In this project, I wanted to see what type of data in the dataset between temperature, fuel price, CPI, & unemployment rate has an affect on weekly sales.

The dataset has weekly sales data across 45 different Walmart stores from many different regions. It also gives the average temperature of that week's sales along with the price of fuel, the consumer price index (CPI), & unemployment rate in that store's region. Lastly, there is a 0 or 1 in a "holiday" column to indicate whether there was a significant holiday that week.

First, I made a pivot table using each store, 1-45, as a row of the pivot table. The columns took averages of weekly sales, temperature, fuel price, CPI, & unemployment. I copy and pasted that data out of the pivot table, so the data can be used in future calculations. I used each stores average data to subtract from it's weekly data to determine whether it was above or below average that week. It's critical that each store's average data was used to find this difference instad of the overall averages since each store is from a different region and should be treated individually to come to accurate conclusions about the overall data. This created 5 new columns of data that can be used to find a correlation between eachother. 

Now, I used the CORREL function to find the correlation between weekly sales above or below average and each of temperature, fuel price, CPI, & unemployment above or below average. This yielded VERY low correlation numbers for each relationship. They all were .1 or lower negative or positive. To put that into perspective a strong correlation is 1 or -1. Something that I believe plays into these correlation numbers being so small is that the difference between the actual and the averages of temperature, fuel price, CPI, & unemployment are MUCH smaller than between weekly sales numbers. Weekly sales numbers could be well over 1 million dollars different while the other data points have double/single digit differences or even less! However, we can still take the correlation number being positive or negative as real data. This indicates whether the numbers have an inverse relationship or not.

